1333620554
AddUserIdToQuestionsAndAnswers	/home/karthikeyan/qua/db/migrate/20120405044352_add_user_id_to_questions_and_answers.rb	class AddUserIdToQuestionsAndAnswers 
Answer	/home/karthikeyan/qua/app/models/answer.rb	class Answer 
AnswerTest	/home/karthikeyan/qua/test/unit/answer_test.rb	class AnswerTest 
AnswersController	/home/karthikeyan/qua/app/controllers/answers_controller.rb	class AnswersController 
AnswersControllerTest	/home/karthikeyan/qua/test/functional/answers_controller_test.rb	class AnswersControllerTest 
AnswersHelper	/home/karthikeyan/qua/app/helpers/answers_helper.rb	module AnswersHelper
AnswersHelperTest	/home/karthikeyan/qua/test/unit/helpers/answers_helper_test.rb	class AnswersHelperTest 
Application	/home/karthikeyan/qua/config/application.rb	  class Application 
ApplicationController	/home/karthikeyan/qua/app/controllers/application_controller.rb	class ApplicationController 
ApplicationHelper	/home/karthikeyan/qua/app/helpers/application_helper.rb	module ApplicationHelper
BrowsingTest	/home/karthikeyan/qua/test/performance/browsing_test.rb	class BrowsingTest 
CreateAnswers	/home/karthikeyan/qua/db/migrate/20120403065515_create_answers.rb	class CreateAnswers 
CreateQuestions	/home/karthikeyan/qua/db/migrate/20120403053339_create_questions.rb	class CreateQuestions 
DeviseCreateUsers	/home/karthikeyan/qua/db/migrate/20120404044112_devise_create_users.rb	class DeviseCreateUsers 
Qua	/home/karthikeyan/qua/config/application.rb	module Qua
Question	/home/karthikeyan/qua/app/models/question.rb	class Question 
QuestionTest	/home/karthikeyan/qua/test/unit/question_test.rb	class QuestionTest 
QuestionsController	/home/karthikeyan/qua/app/controllers/questions_controller.rb	class QuestionsController 
QuestionsControllerTest	/home/karthikeyan/qua/test/functional/questions_controller_test.rb	class QuestionsControllerTest 
QuestionsHelper	/home/karthikeyan/qua/app/helpers/questions_helper.rb	module QuestionsHelper
QuestionsHelperTest	/home/karthikeyan/qua/test/unit/helpers/questions_helper_test.rb	class QuestionsHelperTest 
TestCase	/home/karthikeyan/qua/test/test_helper.rb	class ActiveSupport::TestCase
User	/home/karthikeyan/qua/app/models/user.rb	class User 
UserTest	/home/karthikeyan/qua/test/unit/user_test.rb	class UserTest 
change	/home/karthikeyan/qua/db/migrate/20120403053339_create_questions.rb	  def change
change	/home/karthikeyan/qua/db/migrate/20120403065515_create_answers.rb	  def change
change	/home/karthikeyan/qua/db/migrate/20120404044112_devise_create_users.rb	  def change
change	/home/karthikeyan/qua/db/migrate/20120405044352_add_user_id_to_questions_and_answers.rb	  def change
create	/home/karthikeyan/qua/app/controllers/answers_controller.rb	  def create
create	/home/karthikeyan/qua/app/controllers/questions_controller.rb	  def create
destroy	/home/karthikeyan/qua/app/controllers/answers_controller.rb	  def destroy
destroy	/home/karthikeyan/qua/app/controllers/questions_controller.rb	  def destroy
edit	/home/karthikeyan/qua/app/controllers/answers_controller.rb	  def edit
edit	/home/karthikeyan/qua/app/controllers/questions_controller.rb	  def edit
find_qua	/home/karthikeyan/qua/app/controllers/answers_controller.rb	  def find_qua
index	/home/karthikeyan/qua/app/controllers/questions_controller.rb	  def index
new	/home/karthikeyan/qua/app/controllers/questions_controller.rb	  def new
question_must_belong_to_user	/home/karthikeyan/qua/app/controllers/questions_controller.rb	  def question_must_belong_to_user
show	/home/karthikeyan/qua/app/controllers/questions_controller.rb	  def show
test_homepage	/home/karthikeyan/qua/test/performance/browsing_test.rb	  def test_homepage
update	/home/karthikeyan/qua/app/controllers/answers_controller.rb	  def update
update	/home/karthikeyan/qua/app/controllers/questions_controller.rb	  def update
